Mentioning change notification in messaging docs (#10344)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: concepts/teams-concept-overview.md

You can create web sites, services, and native platform applications that run outside the Microsoft Teams user experience, and call the Teams API to automate Teams scenarios.

### Get notified for changes in Teams

> Microsoft Teams supports subscribing to changes (creation, updation or deletion) to messages in [channels](/graph/api/resources/channel?view=graph-rest-1.0) and [chats](/graph/api/resources/channel?view=graph-rest-beta) to allows apps to get near-instant updates. You can refer to [chatMessage subscription](teamwork-changenotifications-chatMessage) documentation on how to subscribe to changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Microsoft Teams supports subscribing to changes (create, update or delete) to messages in [channels](/graph/api/resources/channel?view=graph-rest-1.0) and [chats](/graph/api/resources/channel?view=graph-rest-beta) to allows apps to get near-instant updates. You can refer to [chatMessage subscription](teamwork-changenotifications-chatMessage) documentation on how to subscribe to changes.
```
